57% of the votes went for food heaven
fantastic that guy's at 57 right where
these cracks dealing with this so if you
can butter meat these two little moles
here what I'm going to do is make our
little pastry first of all we've got an
hour shortcrust pastry city flour we're
gonna roll that out then they're filling
blackberries blueberries a little bit of
Demerara sugar and I used on we're not
casting for this cinnamon lemon juice
all mixed together you don't need to
cook this out as well it's very very
simple little pie but first of all
chakras pastry the most important thing
with shortcrust pastry is that you work
with it as little as possible because it
isn't the reason why it shot it's got a
lot of flour it's a lot of fat to flour
and it's very very every time you roll
it it toughen up so when shortcrust
pastry it's not like puff pastry you can
rerun it once you've rolled it once
throw it away another good otherwise
it'll shrink when you make a tartlet so
if you can mix all the fruit together
guys the fruit with sugar the cinnamon
the lemon juice and lemon zest and so
win if you can break me an egg that
would be great for some egg wash this
one's got a whole lemon in there because
there's enough filling probably to make
four of these but this I'm only gonna do
one show you nice and simple butter them
all really well I'm gonna use one of
these little molds here you can use a
dowel alternative you can use a teacup
just use a teacup you have got this now
take your puff pastry take your pastry
so your shortcrust pastry place it into
the mold like that now this is different
to what we call a hand raised pie which
the pastries don't like pot pies on the
outside yeah so you have a beater that
goes in the middle and you raise it all
up we're doing it sort of hand raised
but from the inside of the molds like
that so any bit of filling that leaks
out because we want to pastry nice and
thin won't go all over our oven nice and
thin that's a secret with this now if
you can brush meat with a bit of egg
wash over the top of that feathers is
the finest way of brushing paste duck
feathers and you should not because they
would suit you very well imagine
yourself with a couple of doctors don't
forget you some in all the Eastern
European
have you been drinking before your
feathers that's lovely for me thank you
very much just like to take the
remaining egg out some people with no
accent like me can tell you how to say
down but is jugged kippers alright no
it's Janet Janet